TRAFFIC DUMP CLIENT TIMELINE AND SUMMARY

The purpose of this file is to document all the meetings recorded with clients
that took part of the development of the TRAFFIC DUMP project. To make this possible,
I had got into contact with the ITS Network Operations department so they could help
provide the hardware and credentials necessary to collect the data needed. TRAFFIC 
DUMP requires the access of Wireless Access Points on public academic buildings to 
pull data and produce metrics and data visualization. These WAP's are owned by the 
ITS department so our team had to set up meetings and discuss possible solutions
to have us obtain access to such data.

10/16/18

Contacted the Network Manager for the department. Set up meeting with him to present our
project idea. Meeting was set up for 10/17/18.

10/17/18

Team sat down with Shiven and presented our project to him and our objective. He agreed to 
help with our project and gave us contact information for other members the proposed project
must be reviewd by to get approved.

10/19/18

Contacted Senior Network Analyst of the department. Set up a meeting with him and one other to
discuss how we would be able to obtain access to the WAP's on campus. Meeting was set up for
11/7/18 due to one of them being out of town. 

11/7/18

Meet up with Network analysts in the department and discussed the limitations of what we
will be able to accomplish. Security concerns were raised due to the data we wanted to access.
It was suggested that we start by implementing our product in a test environment. The ITS Network
department was able to give us access to test development WAP's in a test network for the 
purpose of working in a small scale environment and monitoring incase any security flags
went off. We were able to obtain credentials to the WAP's in the test environment and use them
to collect data.

In order to move on to a larger scale environment such as larger public buildings, we would need
to present our project to the next security meeting the department has and have it go through 
other department figures.

11/15/18

Meet up with the department for some debugging issues. Discussed the data collection and 
any concerns that may have been present.

11/21/18

Meet up with the department again to discuss the limitations of the data on the project side of things.

//Updated as of 11/30/18